walmart-cla-corporate.md, before:

# WAL‐MART STORES, INC. CONTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

This __Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (“Walmart”) Contributor Agreement (the “WCA” or
“Agreement”)__ must be signed by any person or entity that wishes to contribute
code or other materials to an open source project that is administered by
Walmart. The WCA is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the
protection of Walmart and its users.  If you agree to the terms, fill in the
information requested below and sign the WCA where indicated. Read the WCA
carefully before signing. These terms and conditions constitute a binding legal
agreement.

## 1. Definitions.

__“You” (or “Your”)__ means the copyright or trademark owner or legal entity
authorized by the copyright or trademark owner that is making this Agreement
with Walmart. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all of
its Affiliates are considered to be a single Contributor.

__“Affiliate”__ means any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with a party, where “control” means (i) the power, direct or indirect,
to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding
shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

__“Contribution”__ means any original work of authorship, including any
modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted
by You to Walmart for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products
owned or managed by Walmart (the “Work”). Contribution includes but is not
limited to any source code, object code, patch, tool, sample, graphic,
specifications, materials and documentation.

__“Copyright”__ means all rights (including intellectual property rights) throughout
the world protecting works of authorship owned or controlled by You or Your
Affiliates, including copyright, moral and neighboring rights, as appropriate,
for the full term of their existence including any extensions by You. For the
purposes of this definition, “submitted” means any form of electronic, verbal,
or written communication sent to Walmart or its representatives, including but
not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control
systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of,
Walmart for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding
communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by
You as “Not a Contribution.”

__“Trademark”__ means all word marks, logos, and all other source identifiers, and
the goodwill associated with such source identifiers, created by You for
purposes of the Contribution to Walmart.

__“Walmart”__ means Wal‐Mart Stores, Inc. and any of its Affiliates.

## 2. Grant of Copyright License.

You hereby grant to Walmart and to recipients of any Work distributed by or on
behalf of Walmart under all Copyright a perpetual, worldwide, non‐exclusive,
no‐charge, transferable, royalty‐free, irrevocable license to reproduce, modify,
prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publiclyperform, sublicense
(including but not limited through multiple tiers of sublicensees), and
distribute all or any portion of Your Contribution(s) and such derivative works,
by any means or methods now known or later developed, and permit others to do
any or all of the foregoing.

## 3. Grant of Patent License.

You hereby grant to Walmart and to recipients of any Work distributed by or on
behalf of Walmart a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
transferable, royalty-free, irrevocable patent license, with rights to
sublicense (including but not limited through multiple tiers of sublicensees),
to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the
Contribution or the combination of the Contribution and the Work (and portions
of such combinations), by any means or methods now known or later developed, and
permit others to do any or all of the foregoing, where such license applies only
to those patent claims licensable by You or your Affiliates that are necessarily
infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your
Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If
any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your
Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or
contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that
entity under this WCA for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the
date such litigation is filed.

## 4. Assignment of Trademark.

To the extent a Contribution includes any Trademarks created by You for purposes
of the Contribution to Walmart, You hereby assign, transfer, and convey to
Walmart all right, title and interest in and to the Trademark(s), together with
the goodwill of the Trademarks, to Walmart for its use and benefit. Upon
assignment, Walmart shall be solely responsible to register, maintain, renew and
perform all obligations with respect to the Trademark(s).

## 5. Moral Rights.

If moral rights apply to Your Contribution, to the maximum extent permitted by
law, You waive and agree not to assert such moral rights against Walmart or our
successors in interest, or any of our licensees, either direct or indirect.

## 6. Representations.

__a.__ You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license and
are of the age of majority to enter into a formal binding contract. If your
employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes
your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make
Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such
rights for your Contributions to Walmart, or that your employer has executed a
separate WCA with Walmart.

__b.__ You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation or
should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may
submit it to Walmart separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete
details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but
not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which
you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as “Submitted on
behalf of a third-party: [named here]”.

__c.__ You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of
any third- party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to,
related patents and trademarks) of which You are personally aware and which are
associated with any part of Your Contributions.

__d.__ You represent that none of Your Contributions include any third party
copyrights, patents, trade secrets, licenses or other restrictions (“Third Party
IP”) and that You will declare any dependencies any other open source projects,
proprietary software or Third Party IP.

__e.__ You represent that none of Your Contributions include any viruses, Trojan
horses, spyware, or other malicious code.

__f.__ You agree to notify us if You become aware of any circumstance which would
make any of the foregoing representations inaccurate in any respect. Walmart may
publicly disclose Your participation in the project, including the fact that You
have signed the WCA.

__g.__ You agree that each employee designated on Schedule A (or in a subsequent
written modification to that Schedule) is authorized to submit Contributions on
behalf of You.

## 7. Support of Contributions.

You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the
extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a
fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
You provide Your Contributions on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without
limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON‐INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FORA PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

## 8. Outbound Licensing.

You understand and agree that Walmart may license the Contribution under any
license, in its sole discretion, including copyleft, permissive, commercial, or
proprietary licenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, You understand that Walmart
has no obligation to use Your Contribution as part of any project.

## 9. General Provisions.

You acknowledge and agree that the English language version of this WCA controls
and prevails over any discrepancies in any translation of this WCA. This WCA and
the rights You grant to Walmart under this Agreement are effective on the date
You first submit a Contribution to Walmart, even if Your submission took place
before the date you sign this WCA. You agree not to use the name, logo,
trademarks or trade names of Walmart, or its Affiliates, in any publicity
release, promotions material, customer lists, advertising, marketing or
business-generating efforts, whether written or oral, relating to this Agreement
without obtaining Walmart’s prior written consent, which consent may be withheld
at Walmart’s sole discretion. No failure or delay by You or Walmart in
exercising any right under this WCA constitutes a waiver of that right. Should
any provision of this WCA be held by a court to be unenforceable, such provision
shall be modified by the court and interpreted so as to best to accomplish the
objectives in the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and
the remaining provisions of this WCA shall remain in full force and effect. This
WCA is governed in accordance with the laws of the United States and
California. This WCA constitutes the entire agreement between the parties as to
it subject matter and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements,
proposals or representations, written or oral, concerning the subject matter of
this WCA. No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision of this WCA
shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the
modification, amendment, or waiver is to be asserted. An executed version of
this WCA that is scanned and delivered via email or fax, will, for all purposes
be deemed an original.


Individual Contributor Signature (for individual contributors ONLY):
Signature: Date:

Corporate Contributor Signature:

Name of Legal Entity (Company Name):

Signature:
Date:
Name:
Title:
Email:
Mailing Address:

# SCHEDULE A

Date:

Instructions:

Individual contributor: Fill out (2), (3) and (4) only.

Corporate contributor: Fill out (1),(2),(3) and (4). This Schedule supersedes
and replaces previous Schedules, if any. Therefore, please list all designated
employees for your organization, not just new ones. Please also remove employees
who are no longer with the organization.

(1) Company Name (corporate contributor ONLY):


| (2) NAME (first, last) | (3) GITHUB USER NAME |  (4) Email |
| --- | --- | --- |
|     |     |     |

Commit message:

removed individual contrib since we have separate doc, updated schedule a instructions to make a list

walmart-cla-corporate.md, after:

# WAL‐MART STORES, INC. CONTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

This __Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (“Walmart”) Contributor Agreement (the “WCA” or
“Agreement”)__ must be signed by any person or entity that wishes to contribute
code or other materials to an open source project that is administered by
Walmart. The WCA is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the
protection of Walmart and its users.  If you agree to the terms, fill in the
information requested below and sign the WCA where indicated. Read the WCA
carefully before signing. These terms and conditions constitute a binding legal
agreement.

## 1. Definitions.

__“You” (or “Your”)__ means the copyright or trademark owner or legal entity
authorized by the copyright or trademark owner that is making this Agreement
with Walmart. For legal entities, the entity making a Contribution and all of
its Affiliates are considered to be a single Contributor.

__“Affiliate”__ means any entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common
control with a party, where “control” means (i) the power, direct or indirect,
to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or
otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding
shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

__“Contribution”__ means any original work of authorship, including any
modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted
by You to Walmart for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the products
owned or managed by Walmart (the “Work”). Contribution includes but is not
limited to any source code, object code, patch, tool, sample, graphic,
specifications, materials and documentation.

__“Copyright”__ means all rights (including intellectual property rights) throughout
the world protecting works of authorship owned or controlled by You or Your
Affiliates, including copyright, moral and neighboring rights, as appropriate,
for the full term of their existence including any extensions by You. For the
purposes of this definition, “submitted” means any form of electronic, verbal,
or written communication sent to Walmart or its representatives, including but
not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control
systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of,
Walmart for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding
communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by
You as “Not a Contribution.”

__“Trademark”__ means all word marks, logos, and all other source identifiers, and
the goodwill associated with such source identifiers, created by You for
purposes of the Contribution to Walmart.

__“Walmart”__ means Wal‐Mart Stores, Inc. and any of its Affiliates.

## 2. Grant of Copyright License.

You hereby grant to Walmart and to recipients of any Work distributed by or on
behalf of Walmart under all Copyright a perpetual, worldwide, non‐exclusive,
no‐charge, transferable, royalty‐free, irrevocable license to reproduce, modify,
prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publiclyperform, sublicense
(including but not limited through multiple tiers of sublicensees), and
distribute all or any portion of Your Contribution(s) and such derivative works,
by any means or methods now known or later developed, and permit others to do
any or all of the foregoing.

## 3. Grant of Patent License.

You hereby grant to Walmart and to recipients of any Work distributed by or on
behalf of Walmart a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
transferable, royalty-free, irrevocable patent license, with rights to
sublicense (including but not limited through multiple tiers of sublicensees),
to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the
Contribution or the combination of the Contribution and the Work (and portions
of such combinations), by any means or methods now known or later developed, and
permit others to do any or all of the foregoing, where such license applies only
to those patent claims licensable by You or your Affiliates that are necessarily
infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your
Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If
any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your
Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or
contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that
entity under this WCA for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the
date such litigation is filed.

## 4. Assignment of Trademark.

To the extent a Contribution includes any Trademarks created by You for purposes
of the Contribution to Walmart, You hereby assign, transfer, and convey to
Walmart all right, title and interest in and to the Trademark(s), together with
the goodwill of the Trademarks, to Walmart for its use and benefit. Upon
assignment, Walmart shall be solely responsible to register, maintain, renew and
perform all obligations with respect to the Trademark(s).

## 5. Moral Rights.

If moral rights apply to Your Contribution, to the maximum extent permitted by
law, You waive and agree not to assert such moral rights against Walmart or our
successors in interest, or any of our licensees, either direct or indirect.

## 6. Representations.

__a.__ You represent that you are legally entitled to grant the above license and
are of the age of majority to enter into a formal binding contract. If your
employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that you create that includes
your Contributions, you represent that you have received permission to make
Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such
rights for your Contributions to Walmart, or that your employer has executed a
separate WCA with Walmart.

__b.__ You represent that each of Your Contributions is Your original creation or
should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may
submit it to Walmart separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete
details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but
not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which
you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as “Submitted on
behalf of a third-party: [named here]”.

__c.__ You represent that Your Contribution submissions include complete details of
any third- party license or other restriction (including, but not limited to,
related patents and trademarks) of which You are personally aware and which are
associated with any part of Your Contributions.

__d.__ You represent that none of Your Contributions include any third party
copyrights, patents, trade secrets, licenses or other restrictions (“Third Party
IP”) and that You will declare any dependencies any other open source projects,
proprietary software or Third Party IP.

__e.__ You represent that none of Your Contributions include any viruses, Trojan
horses, spyware, or other malicious code.

__f.__ You agree to notify us if You become aware of any circumstance which would
make any of the foregoing representations inaccurate in any respect. Walmart may
publicly disclose Your participation in the project, including the fact that You
have signed the WCA.

__g.__ You agree that each employee designated on Schedule A (or in a subsequent
written modification to that Schedule) is authorized to submit Contributions on
behalf of You.

## 7. Support of Contributions.

You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the
extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a
fee, or not at all. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
You provide Your Contributions on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without
limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NON‐INFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FORA PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

## 8. Outbound Licensing.

You understand and agree that Walmart may license the Contribution under any
license, in its sole discretion, including copyleft, permissive, commercial, or
proprietary licenses. Notwithstanding the foregoing, You understand that Walmart
has no obligation to use Your Contribution as part of any project.

## 9. General Provisions.

You acknowledge and agree that the English language version of this WCA controls
and prevails over any discrepancies in any translation of this WCA. This WCA and
the rights You grant to Walmart under this Agreement are effective on the date
You first submit a Contribution to Walmart, even if Your submission took place
before the date you sign this WCA. You agree not to use the name, logo,
trademarks or trade names of Walmart, or its Affiliates, in any publicity
release, promotions material, customer lists, advertising, marketing or
business-generating efforts, whether written or oral, relating to this Agreement
without obtaining Walmart’s prior written consent, which consent may be withheld
at Walmart’s sole discretion. No failure or delay by You or Walmart in
exercising any right under this WCA constitutes a waiver of that right. Should
any provision of this WCA be held by a court to be unenforceable, such provision
shall be modified by the court and interpreted so as to best to accomplish the
objectives in the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and
the remaining provisions of this WCA shall remain in full force and effect. This
WCA is governed in accordance with the laws of the United States and
California. This WCA constitutes the entire agreement between the parties as to
it subject matter and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements,
proposals or representations, written or oral, concerning the subject matter of
this WCA. No modification, amendment or waiver of any provision of this WCA
shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the party against whom the
modification, amendment, or waiver is to be asserted. An executed version of
this WCA that is scanned and delivered via email or fax, will, for all purposes
be deemed an original.

Corporate Contributor Signature:

Name of Legal Entity (Company Name):

Signature:
Date:
Name:
Title:
Email:
Mailing Address:

# SCHEDULE A

Date:

Instructions:

This Schedule supersedes and replaces previous Schedules, if any. Therefore,
please list all designated employees for your organization, not just new
ones. Please also remove employees who are no longer with the organization.

Company Name:

Provide a list of all contributors with the following details

- Name(first, last)
- GitHub Username
- Email
